Update related documentation to Clickpipes using AWS IAM (#6458)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/integrations/data-ingestion/clickpipes/postgres/auth.md

This article demonstrates how ClickPipes customers can leverage role-based access to authenticate with Amazon Aurora and RDS and access their databases securely.

:::note

> For AWS RDS Postgres and Aurora Postgres, IAM authentication for replication is supported from PostgreSQL version 11 onwards and requires the `rds.iam_auth_for_replication` parameter to be set. On earlier versions, you can only run `Initial Load Only` ClickPipes.

Reviewer: I think it'd be good to have an example of the expected contents for `rds.iam_auth_for_replication`

Author: its a boolean field, so I don't think its needed

Reviewer 2: We only support PG12+ so can even remove the disclaimer, but would be best to add the steps to enable the param into the main instructions, like in https://clickhouse.com/docs/integrations/clickpipes/postgres/source/rds

Also seems like it's an old doc before we had a proper MySQL section so bonus points for splitting the two pages

This article demonstrates how ClickPipes customers can leverage role-based access to authenticate with Amazon Aurora and RDS and access their databases securely.

> :::warning

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:::note
```

Perhaps we change this to a note now with the update.

> For AWS RDS Postgres and Aurora Postgres IAM for replication is support from version 11 onwarnds and require parameter `rds.iam_auth_for_replication` to be set.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For AWS RDS Postgres and Aurora Postgres, IAM authentication for replication is supported from PostgreSQL version 11 onwards and requires the `rds.iam_auth_for_replication` parameter to be set. On earlier versions, you can only run `Initial Load Only` ClickPipes.
```
